Rest documentation (#60)
IntelAI/OpenVINO-model-server: docs/architecture.md

**Figure 1: Docker Container (VM or Bare Metal Host)**
![architecture chart](serving.png)

OpenVINO&trade; model server requires the models to be present in the local file system or they could be hosted 

> remotely on object storage services. Both google storage and S3 storage is supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remotely on object storage services. Both Google Cloud Storage and S3 compatible storage are supported. 
```
